Discount on item

Write a program using One to Many Relationship to calculate the discount percentage on a particular item and print the new invoice amount.
Item and invoice line details are pre defined. (Refer Code Template. Item details are prepopulated and Invoice details are prepopulated).
Select one item and give percentage of discount.
Display the Invoice details before giving discount and after giving discount.
One to Many Relationship that is used here is 'Invoice has many Invoice Line, One Invoice Line belongs to a Invoice'.

1. Create a class named Item with the following private member variables / attributes
"	Integer id
"	String name
"	Integer price
     Include appropriate getters,setters and constructors
2. Create a class named InvoiceLine with the following private member variables / attributes
"	Integer amount
"	Integer price
"	Integer quantity
"	Item item
"	Invoice invoice
     Create a three argument constuctor  public InvoiceLine(Item item,int quantity, Invoice invoice)
     Include appropriate getters and setters
3. Create a class called Invoice with the following private member variables
"	String number
"	Integer total
"	String customer
"	InvoiceLine[] invoiceLine
      Create a two argument constuctor as public Invoice(String number, String customer)
      Include appropriate getters and setters
4. Create a class named InvoiceBO with the following public methods.

S.NO	Method Name	Method Description
1	public int modifyItemPrice(Invoice invoice, Item item, Integer percentageOfDiscount)	This method is used to find the discounted total amount for the given item with the given discount percentage and return the discounted total amount.

5. Create a Main class to test the above classes

[Note : Strictly adhere to the object oriented specifications given as part of the problem statement. Use the same class names and member variable names.]

Input format :
For printing item details use System.out.format("%-25s %-25s %s\n","Item ID","Item Name","Price") to format the item values.

Output format :
For printing invoice line details use System.out.format("%-25s %-25s %-25s %-25s %s\n","Item ID","Item Name","Price","Quantity","Amount") to format the values.

[All text in bold are input and the remaining are output]
Sample Input and Output:
Available item details are
Id                        Item Name                 Price
1                         Mobile phone             8500
2                         Laptop                           35000
3                         Camera                         9000
4                         Television                       30000
5                         Home Theater           19500
Enter the item id for discount :
1
Enter the discount percentage :
10
Invoice details before giving discount :
Item ID               Item Name                   Price                     Quantity                      Amount
1                            Mobile phone              8500                      2                                       17000
3                            Camera                          9000                      1                                       9000
5                            Home Theater            9500                     2                                        39000
Total invoice amount is 65000
Total invoice amount after giving discount is 63300

¬¬
